fill in customization page (#2504)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/customization.mdx

```
:::

### System prompt

> Deep agents come with a built-in system prompt inspired by Claude Code's system prompt. The default system prompt contains detailed instructions for using the built-in planning tool, file system tools, and subagents.

Author: ```suggestion
Deep agents come with a built-in system prompt. The default system prompt contains detailed instructions for using the built-in planning tool, file system tools, and subagents.
When middleware add special tools, like the filesystem tools, it appends them to the system prompt.
```
Will add and make follow up ticket for diagram etc

    console.log(
      `[Middleware] Arguments: ${JSON.stringify(request.toolCall.args)}`
    );

    // Execute the tool call
    const result = await handler(request);

    // Log the result
    console.log(`[Middleware] Tool call #${callCount} completed`);

    return result;
  },
});

const agent = await createDeepAgent({
  model: "claude-sonnet-4-20250514",
  tools: [getWeather] as any,
  middleware: [logToolCallsMiddleware] as any,
});
```
:::

### Subagents

To isolate detailed work and avoid context bloat, use subagents:

<SubagentBasic />

For more information, see [Subagents](/oss/deepagents/subagents).

{/* TODO(https://github.com/langchain-ai/docs/pull/2368/) #### Structured response format */}

{/* ### Context - You can persist agent state between runs to store information like user IDs. */}

### Filesystem backend

For [skills](#skills) and [memory](#memory), you must provide a filesystem backend.
You may also find it helpful to use the backend with custom tools.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="StateBackend">
    An ephemeral filesystem backend stored in `langgraph` state.
    This filesystem only persists _for a single thread_.

    <BackendState />
  </Tab>

>   <Tab title="FilesystemBackend">

Reviewer: seems wrong for this tab to be the same as the section title
